clarify boost/beman relationship. Add note on library deprecation and… (#24)
beman-project/beman: docs/FAQ.md

* Our [Example Project](https://github.com/beman-project/example) demonstrates a useful structure for organizing libraries.
* Our [CI Project](https://github.com/beman-project/ci) utilizes Github Workflows to automate building, testing, and releasing libraries.

## Will libraries stay in Beman forever?

> No! The current concept is that libraries will be gradually deprecated as official standard library implementations roll out. We expect this to coorespond to two standards cycles. So a library accepted into C++26 would be removed by C++32. Users can, of course, still depend on the original repo for the implementation if they don't want to change to ~std::~ for seme reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No! The current concept is that libraries will be gradually deprecated as official standard library implementations roll out. We expect this to correspond to two standards cycles. So a library accepted into C++26 would be removed by C++32. Users can, of course, still depend on the original repo for the implementation if they don't want to change to ~std::~ for some reason.
```

> ## Is there are review process like Boost?

Reviewer: Maybe mention the ISO process _is_ the review process?

Of course, more informal peer review will generally be more productive, etc.

Author: yes -- this is a good idea.
